Sun Clock - X11 Version 1.0

X11 version by John Mackin, <john@cs.su.oz.AU>, based on a Suntools program
by John Walker, <kelvin@acad.uu.NET>.

This program is a clock that shows which portion of the Earth's surface is
illuminated by the Sun.  It is designed to be usually iconic, but can be
opened for a larger display with the time updated every second and both the
local timezone and UTC displayed.  The Suntools version had a menu that
allowed you to speed up time, show different dates, etc., but I have
never implemented any of that in the X version; there is some support
for it in the code, however.

The program should have been written using Xt rather than raw Xlib, and I
tried that at first.  I couldn't get the icon window to work, though, so I
abandoned that version.  Hence, the program does _not_ accept most Xt-style
command line options; valid options are given in the manual page.

The program has been tested on a number of different clients (MIPS, Sun,
VAX) and servers (MIPS colour console, Sun MIT mono, NCD-16/19), under X11R3
and R4.  If you find bugs, please report them to me, john@cs.su.oz.AU.

To build the program, decide whether you want to use imake or not.  If you
don't, link Makefile.dist to Makefile, and edit it, otherwise edit the
Imakefile and use xmkmf.  The program uses two fonts, one for the icon
display and one for the large window display.  The names of these fonts
are compiled in.  The font names comes from -DBIGFONT and -DSMALLFONT
in the Makefile.  If you are not using imake, you will need to supply
a -DSYSV option if you are System V.  You should supply -DNEW_CTIME if
you are using the table-driven ctime and a "struct tm" contains
a tm_zone field.  If neither of the ways of getting the local timezone
name works on your system, please let me know.

The original Suntools program, in case you want it, was posted as Volume 1,
Issue 79 of comp.sources.sun.

This program is public domain and may be freely copied as long as the
notices at the top of sunclock.c remain intact.
